docs: Add note on skip-checks (#29319)
github/docs: data/reusables/commits/about-commit-cleanup.md

> It is important to note that [Git's default commit behavior](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---cleanupltmodegt) removes consecutive newlines. As such, it is recommended including the `--cleanup=verbatim` option on your commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Git automatically removes consecutive newlines. To leave the commit message exactly as you entered it, use the `--cleanup=verbatim` option on your commit. For more information, see [`--cleanup=<mode>`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---cleanupltmodegt) in the Git documentation. 
```

> By default, Git automatically removes consecutive newlines. To leave the commit message exactly as you entered it, use the `--cleanup=verbatim` option on your commit. For more information, see [`--cleanup=<mode>`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---cleanupltmodegt) in the Git documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Git automatically removes consecutive newlines. To leave the commit message exactly as you entered it, use the `--cleanup=verbatim` option on your commit. For more information, see [`--cleanup=<mode>`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---cleanupltmodegt) in the Git documentation.
```
